NAME                      STATUS   AGE
a-devops                  Active   3d22h
a-ibrohim                 Active   3d20h
a-khalilov                Active   9d
a-nabixojayev             Active   10d
a-yoldoshov               Active   10d
ab-yoldoshov              Active   4d22h
ay-yusupov                Active   8d
default                   Active   19d
dilmurod                  Active   41h
e-boymanov                Active   6d10h
f-absoatov                Active   10d
f-muxammadiev             Active   5d21h
f-sadatov                 Active   10d
h-mamashokirov            Active   10d
i-abdullayev              Active   6d22h
ingress-nginx             Active   12d
j-jumanazarov             Active   10d
kh-sagatov                Active   8d
kube-node-lease           Active   19d
kube-public               Active   19d
kube-system               Active   19d
m-shukurjonov             Active   11d
n-khabibakiyev            Active   5d20h
o-toshev                  Active   17h
practice-d-djuraev        Active   15h
practice-f-sadatov        Active   2m15s
practice-h-mamashokirov   Active   39h
practice-i-abdullayev     Active   39h
practice-j-jumanazarov    Active   39h
practice-j-turdiev        Active   39h
practice-kh-nurali        Active   39h
practice-kh-sagatov       Active   39h
practice-x-umarov         Active   39h
practice-y-abduhalil      Active   39h
practice-z-abduvohidov    Active   39h
r-shokirov                Active   4d21h
s-safarov                 Active   7d17h
special                   Active   15d
x-sagatov                 Active   10d
